README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/ea6469e0-9104-40cb-b0b7-845e116d34ee

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/ea6469e0-9104-40cb-b0b7-845e116d34ee) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/ea6469e0-9104-40cb-b0b7-845e116d34ee) and click on Share -> Publish.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/tips-tricks/custom-domain#step-by-step-guide)

Commit message:

Improve Financial Management UI and functionality
- Fixed UI styling to match the rest of the application's design system
- Removed purple gradient background for better visual consistency
- Updated DemoModeNotification to match style used across other pages
- Moved demo notification to the top of the page for consistent positioning
- Removed export data button and settings navigation for simplified interface
- Enhanced tab visibility with better contrast and clearer active state
- Fixed state property name from 'financial' to 'finance' in Redux selectors
- Added error handling to prevent page crashes in financial tabs
- Improved code organization and component structure
- Ensured consistent styling for form inputs, buttons and data tables

README.md, after:

# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/ea6469e0-9104-40cb-b0b7-845e116d34ee

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/ea6469e0-9104-40cb-b0b7-845e116d34ee) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- Redux for state management
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS
- Recharts for data visualization

## Features

### Financial Management

The application includes a comprehensive Financial Management system that allows administrators to:

- Assign payment obligations to students
- Track and record payments against obligations
- View financial dashboards with key metrics and visualizations
- Export financial data for external analysis

All financial data is stored locally using localStorage for demonstration purposes.

For more information, see:
- [Financial Management Documentation](./docs/financial-management.md)
- [Financial Management User Guide](./docs/financial-management-user-guide.md)

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/ea6469e0-9104-40cb-b0b7-845e116d34ee) and click on Share -> Publish.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/tips-tricks/custom-domain#step-by-step-guide)
